doc/USAGE.md, before:

# Usage of MicSE

## Table of Contents

- [Usage of MicSE](#usage-of-micse)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Run](#run)
    - [MicSE](#micse)
    - [MicSE Prover](#micse-prover)
      - [MicSE Prover Example](#micse-prover-example)
    - [MicSE Refuter](#micse-refuter)
      - [MicSE Refuter Example](#micse-refuter-example)
  - [Specifying Custom Safety Properties](#specifying-custom-safety-properties)
    - [Custom Safety Property Example](#custom-safety-property-example)

## Run

Binary execution files are located at `(PROJECT_DIR)/bin` directory.

- `micse`: Run whole MicSE for input Michelson program code
- `micse.naive_prover`: Run only prover of MicSE for input Michelson program code
- `micse.advanced_trxpath_refuter`: Run only refuter of MicSE for input Michelson program code

### MicSE

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--memory-bound`, `-M`: The memory budget for overall MicSE process in GB. (default: 5GB)
  - `--total-timeout`, `-T`: The time budget for overall MicSE process in seconds. (default: 360sec)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Verification result from the MicSE

### MicSE Prover

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse.naive_prover -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Verification result from the MicSE

#### MicSE Prover Example

- **Demo Video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/fZqFA1HcRNw)
- **Input:** [`deposit.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.storage.tz -q 126 29
  Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 120.732395 sec    Memory: 0.031319 GB
Combinations: 1948
#Total: 1   #Proved: 1    #Refuted: 0   #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 126)(col 29))((lin 126)(col 32)))
  Category:Q_mutez_sub_no_underflow

<< Refuted >>

<< Failed >>
```

### MicSE Refuter

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse.advanced_trxpath_refuter -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Refuting result from the MicSE

#### MicSE Refuter Example

- **Demo Video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/DAwGzTtootc)
- **Input:** [`deposit.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.storage.tz -q 126 29
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 23.511754 sec   Memory: 0.039196 GB
Combinations: 0
#Total: 1   #Proved: 0    #Refuted: 1   #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>

<< Refuted >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 344)(col 22))((lin 344)(col 52)))
  Category:Q_assertion
  Refuted Path:
    - Initial Balance: 0
    - Transaction #1:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_right (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_left Unit)| const_unit)))
    - Transaction #2:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_left (Or (Or Unit Unit) (Or (Or Address (Option Address)) (Or Address Unit))))|
          (|(const_or_left (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_left Unit)| const_unit)))
    - Transaction #3:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_left (Or Int Int))| (|(const_or_left Int)| 9223372036854775769)))
    - Transaction #4:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_right (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_right Unit)| const_unit)))

<< Failed >>

```

## Specifying Custom Safety Properties

Given a Michelson program without any annotations, MicSE basically attemps to verify the absence of arithmetic overflow.
However, MicSE also supports verification of custom safety properties using the **`#__MICSE_CHECK {(instruction)}`** statement, where **instruction** denotes arbitrary Michelson instructions that produce boolean values. That is, for each user-provided assertion, MicSE attempts to prove that the top of the stack is the true value.
The **`#__MICSE_CHECK {(instruction)}`** statement should be given as a single-line comment. An example usage is given below.

### Custom Safety Property Example

The example in below is located at [here](../benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz)

``` michelson
parameter (pair (address %receiver) (mutez %value));
storage   (pair (map %balance address mutez) (mutez %totalSupply));
code { 
  UNPAIR; UNPAIR; DIP 2 { UNPAIR };
        # %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP 3; SENDER; GET; IF_NONE { FAIL } {};
        # %balance[@sender] :: %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP 3; DUP 2; COMPARE; GE; IF {} { FAIL };
        # %balance[@sender] :: %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DIP { DIG 2; DUP 3 }; SUB; SOME; SENDER; UPDATE;
        # %balance' :: %receiver :: %value :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP; DUP 3; GET; IF_NONE { PUSH mutez 0 } {};
        # %balance'[%receiver] :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %value :: %totalSupply :: []

  DIP { DIG 2 }; ADD;
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %totalSupply :: []


  # [The user-provided assertion below should be a single-line comment]
  #__MICSE_CHECK { \
    DIP {DROP; DROP }; \
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %totalSupply :: []

    COMPARE; \
        # int :: []

    LE };
        # bool :: []
  # [This notation should be in only one line]
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %totalSupply :: []


  SOME; DIG 2; UPDATE;
        # %balance'' :: %totalSupply :: []
  PAIR; NIL operation; PAIR };
        # (pair [] (pair %balance'' %totalSupply)) :: []
```

- **Input:** [`transfer.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/transfer.storage.tz
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 0.611170 sec              Memory: 0.024593 GB
Combinations: 1
#Total: 3               #Proved: 3              #Refuted: 0             #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 7)(col 25))((lin 7)(col 28)))
        Category:Q_mutez_sub_no_underflow

> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 9)(col 18))((lin 9)(col 21)))
        Category:Q_mutez_add_no_overflow

> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 11)(col 4))((lin 11)(col 52)))
        Category:Q_assertion

<< Refuted >>

<< Failed >>
```

Commit message:

chore: Add missing parameter explanation
The missing parameter explanation for query-pick is added.

doc/USAGE.md, after:

# Usage of MicSE

## Table of Contents

- [Usage of MicSE](#usage-of-micse)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Run](#run)
    - [MicSE](#micse)
    - [MicSE Prover](#micse-prover)
      - [MicSE Prover Example](#micse-prover-example)
    - [MicSE Refuter](#micse-refuter)
      - [MicSE Refuter Example](#micse-refuter-example)
  - [Specifying Custom Safety Properties](#specifying-custom-safety-properties)
    - [Custom Safety Property Example](#custom-safety-property-example)

## Run

Binary execution files are located at `(PROJECT_DIR)/bin` directory.

- `micse`: Run whole MicSE for input Michelson program code
- `micse.naive_prover`: Run only prover of MicSE for input Michelson program code
- `micse.advanced_trxpath_refuter`: Run only refuter of MicSE for input Michelson program code

### MicSE

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--memory-bound`, `-M`: The memory budget for overall MicSE process in GB. (default: 5GB)
  - `--total-timeout`, `-T`: The time budget for overall MicSE process in seconds. (default: 360sec)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--query-pick`, `-q`: Line and column number of a specified target query in an integer pair.
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Verification result from the MicSE

### MicSE Prover

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse.naive_prover -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--query-pick`, `-q`: Line and column number of a specified target query in an integer pair.
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Verification result from the MicSE

#### MicSE Prover Example

- **Demo Video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/fZqFA1HcRNw)
- **Input:** [`deposit.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.storage.tz -q 126 29
  Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 120.732395 sec    Memory: 0.031319 GB
Combinations: 1948
#Total: 1   #Proved: 1    #Refuted: 0   #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 126)(col 29))((lin 126)(col 32)))
  Category:Q_mutez_sub_no_underflow

<< Refuted >>

<< Failed >>
```

### MicSE Refuter

```bash
$ (PROJECT_DIR)/bin/micse.advanced_trxpath_refuter -I (FILE_PATH) -S (FILE_PATH) ...
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: _ sec   Memory: _ GB
Combinations: _
#Total: _   #Proved: _    #Refuted: _   #Failed: _
#Err: _ #UU: _  #UF: _  #FU: _  #FF: _
<< Proved >>
...

<< Refuted >>
...

<< Failed >>
...
```

- **Input(Parameters):**
  - `--input`, `-I`: The file path of input Michelson code. (REQUIRED)
    - (Optionally) with [User custom safety property](#user-custom-safety-property)
  - `--initial-storage`, `-S`: The file path of initial storage information that the target contract has. (REQUIRED)
  - `--z3-timeout`, `-Z`: The time budget for Z3 solver in seconds. (default: 30sec)
  - `--path-limit`, `-P`: The length limit of the unrolled path in a single transaction. (default: 5)
  - `--query-pick`, `-q`: Line and column number of a specified target query in an integer pair.
  - `--verbose`, `-v`: Verbose logging mode.
- **Output:**
  - Refuting result from the MicSE

#### MicSE Refuter Example

- **Demo Video:** [Link](https://youtu.be/DAwGzTtootc)
- **Input:** [`deposit.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/deposit.storage.tz -q 126 29
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 23.511754 sec   Memory: 0.039196 GB
Combinations: 0
#Total: 1   #Proved: 0    #Refuted: 1   #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>

<< Refuted >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 344)(col 22))((lin 344)(col 52)))
  Category:Q_assertion
  Refuted Path:
    - Initial Balance: 0
    - Transaction #1:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_right (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_left Unit)| const_unit)))
    - Transaction #2:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_left (Or (Or Unit Unit) (Or (Or Address (Option Address)) (Or Address Unit))))|
          (|(const_or_left (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_left Unit)| const_unit)))
    - Transaction #3:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_left (Or Int Int))| (|(const_or_left Int)| 9223372036854775769)))
    - Transaction #4:
      Amount:0
      Parameter:
        (|(const_or_right (Or (Or Int Int) (Or Unit Unit)))|
          (|(const_or_right (Or Unit Unit))| (|(const_or_right Unit)| const_unit)))

<< Failed >>

```

## Specifying Custom Safety Properties

Given a Michelson program without any annotations, MicSE basically attemps to verify the absence of arithmetic overflow.
However, MicSE also supports verification of custom safety properties using the **`#__MICSE_CHECK {(instruction)}`** statement, where **instruction** denotes arbitrary Michelson instructions that produce boolean values. That is, for each user-provided assertion, MicSE attempts to prove that the top of the stack is the true value.
The **`#__MICSE_CHECK {(instruction)}`** statement should be given as a single-line comment. An example usage is given below.

### Custom Safety Property Example

The example in below is located at [here](../benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz)

``` michelson
parameter (pair (address %receiver) (mutez %value));
storage   (pair (map %balance address mutez) (mutez %totalSupply));
code { 
  UNPAIR; UNPAIR; DIP 2 { UNPAIR };
        # %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP 3; SENDER; GET; IF_NONE { FAIL } {};
        # %balance[@sender] :: %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP 3; DUP 2; COMPARE; GE; IF {} { FAIL };
        # %balance[@sender] :: %receiver :: %value :: %balance :: %totalSupply :: []

  DIP { DIG 2; DUP 3 }; SUB; SOME; SENDER; UPDATE;
        # %balance' :: %receiver :: %value :: %totalSupply :: []

  DUP; DUP 3; GET; IF_NONE { PUSH mutez 0 } {};
        # %balance'[%receiver] :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %value :: %totalSupply :: []

  DIP { DIG 2 }; ADD;
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %totalSupply :: []


  # [The user-provided assertion below should be a single-line comment]
  #__MICSE_CHECK { \
    DIP {DROP; DROP }; \
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %totalSupply :: []

    COMPARE; \
        # int :: []

    LE };
        # bool :: []
  # [This notation should be in only one line]
        # (%balance'[%receiver] + %value) :: %balance' :: %receiver :: %totalSupply :: []


  SOME; DIG 2; UPDATE;
        # %balance'' :: %totalSupply :: []
  PAIR; NIL operation; PAIR };
        # (pair [] (pair %balance'' %totalSupply)) :: []
```

- **Input:** [`transfer.tz`](../benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz)
- **Output:**

```txt
$ ./bin/micse.naive_prover -I ./benchmarks/examples/transfer.tz -S ./benchmarks/examples/transfer.storage.tz
 Final-Report : 
=== Final Result ===
Time: 0.611170 sec              Memory: 0.024593 GB
Combinations: 1
#Total: 3               #Proved: 3              #Refuted: 0             #Failed: 0
#Err: 0 #UU: 0  #UF: 0  #FU: 0  #FF: 0
<< Proved >>
> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 7)(col 25))((lin 7)(col 28)))
        Category:Q_mutez_sub_no_underflow

> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 9)(col 18))((lin 9)(col 21)))
        Category:Q_mutez_add_no_overflow

> Location:(CCLOC_Pos((lin 11)(col 4))((lin 11)(col 52)))
        Category:Q_assertion

<< Refuted >>

<< Failed >>
```
